<h1>About entities</h1>


Marf-PHP uses the word "entities" to group a collection of files containing the base-classes. These class names are always available in every <code>.php</code> file inside the framework. Entities can be modified, removed or added. It's recommended though to keep the base entities listed and explained down below to keep Marf-PHP from malfunctioning.

<h2>Client</h2>

The client entity contains readable information about the request sender. A.K.A. "client"
With the client entity, you can:
* Get public IP of request sender
* Get (NOT SET) data of request sender. Like POST, GET, SERVER, SESSION and FILES data.
* Check if request sender uses HTTPS or HTTP-protocol.
* Get the request method of the request sender, for example: "GET" for basic viewing of a page or resource.

<h2>Database</h2>

The database entity is a class, containing database related methods. The base class provides the posibility to initialize the connection to a database and to get the <code>$conn</code> object. Down below is a list of the methods.

* getConn (Get <code>$conn</code> object, or bool: false if <code>$conn</code> doesn't work)
* init (Initialize the <code>$conn</code> object)

<h2>Router</h2>
The router entity contains everything related to routing the client, or the path. Down below is a list of methods in the Router class.

* setIgnore (set a path that's getting ignored. Usefull for sub-folder environments)
* getRootPath (Returns the root path of the website environment, common: "/")
* routeHandler (Handles routing to a view based on given data in <code>urls.php</code>)
* showView (Internally used method to show a view)
* to (Go to a url/ path)
* getRoute (Get current request uri)
* setRoute (Change request uri)
* getOriginalRoute (Get the first <code>Router::getRoute();</code>)

<h2>Security</h2>

The security entity contains all methods seen security. Things like encryption, hashing, session refreshing, sesson token length controller, CSRF protection and sanitizing text are included. Down below is a list with methods included in the security entity.

* init (Initializes the security entity)
* encryptStr (Encrypt a string)
* decryptStr (Decrypt a string)
* hashStr (Hash a string)
* sanitizeTxt (Sanitize text/ string/ user input)
* genCSRFField (Generate CSRF-proof string for a field name. Example: <code>'name="password"'</code> becomes: <code>'name="' . Security::genCSRFField("password") . '"'</code>)
* getCSRFField (Get the value of a field name, generated by <code>genCSRFField</code>: <code>$pwIndex = Security::getCSRFField("password"); $pw = Client::getData("post")[$pwIndex];</code>)
* trySessionRefresh (Internally-managed method. Try to refresh the <code>$_SESSION</code> identifier token for a client after a spesific amount of time)
